[13791] Adding content filter documentation (#361)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/topic/contentFilteredTopic/createContentFilteredTopic.rst

Mandatory arguments are:

 * A string with the name that identifies the ContentFilteredTopic.

 * The related |Topic-api| being filtered.

 * A string with the filter expression indicating the conditions for a sample to be returned.

 * A list of strings with the value of the parameters present on the filter expression.

Optional arguments are:

 * A string with the name of the filter class to use for the filter creation.
   This allows the user to create filters different from the standard SQL like one.
   Defaults to ``FASTDDS_SQLFILTER_NAME``.

|DomainParticipant::create_contentfilteredtopic-api| will return a null pointer if there was an error during the
operation, e.g. if the related topic belongs to a different participant, a topic with the same name already exists,
syntax errors on the filter expression, or missing parameter values.
It is advisable to check that the returned value is a valid pointer.

.. note::
    Different filter classes may impose different requirements on the related topic, the expression, or the parameters.
    The default filter class, in particular, requires that a TypeObject for the related topic's type has been registered.

>     When using fastddsgen to generate your type support code, remember to include the ``-typeobject`` option so the

Reviewer: done in e9886776

    TypeObject registration code is generated.

.. literalinclude:: /../code/DDSCodeTester.cpp
   :language: c++
   :start-after: //DDS_CREATE_CONTENT_FILTERED_TOPIC
   :end-before: //!
   :dedent: 8

.. _dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic_update:

Updating the filter expression and parameters
---------------------------------------------

A ContentFilteredTopic provides several member functions for the management of the filter expression and
the expression parameters:

 * The filter expression can be retrieved with the |ContentFilteredTopic::get_filter_expression-api| member function.

 * The expression parameters can be retrieved with the |ContentFilteredTopic::get_expression_parameters-api| member
   function.

 * The expression parameters can be modified using the |ContentFilteredTopic::set_expression_parameters-api| member
   function.

 * The filter expression can be modified along with the expression parameters using the

>    |ContentFilteredTopic::set_filter_expression-api| member function.

Reviewer 2: After merging eProsima/Fast-DDS#2585 this references to the API should work.

Reviewer: Tested against the branch

Optional arguments are:

 * A string with the name of the filter class to use for the filter creation.
   This allows the user to create filters different from the standard SQL like one
   (please refer to :ref:`dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic_custom_filters`).

>    Defaults to ``FASTDDS_SQLFILTER_NAME``.

Reviewer 3: Either we put the correct name or we add this to the API reference

Reviewer 2: Added to the API reference

.. important::

>     An empty string as filter expression means that currently there is no filtering being done.
>     This could be of interest to enable/disable the DataReader filtering capabilities by simply
>     :ref:`updating the filter expression <dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic_update>`.

Reviewer 3: I'd rephrase this

```suggestion
    Setting an empty string as filter expression results in the disabling of the filtering (standard or otherwise).
    This can be used to enable/disable the filtering capabilities at any given time by simply
    :ref:`updating the filter expression <dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic_update>`.
```

Reviewer 2: I do not think we should mention the standard or custom filtering because it has not been introduced yet.

> |DomainParticipant::create_contentfilteredtopic-api| will return a null pointer if there was an error during the

Reviewer 3: There are inconsistencies here with the naming of the entities, e.g. `topic` vs `Topic`

 * A string with the name of the filter class to use for the filter creation.
   This allows the user to create filters different from the standard SQL like one
   (please refer to :ref:`dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic_custom_filters`).

>    Defaults to |FASTDDS_SQLFILTER_NAME-api|.

Reviewer 3: API reference is not showing the actual value of the constant here

Reviewer 2: Doxygen does not save the define value into the generated XML files. We can either add the value to the Doxygen documentation of the define or just write the value here (I have followed this last approach for the moment).

Reviewer 3: That's good enough for now. I guess we'll need to make something to make the API reference show the values elsewhere
